Figure 1: A one dimensional scoring spectrum that shows four points along a line. The points are ordered from left to right, 4, 2, 3, and 1. Points 4 and 2 appear white and points 3 and 1 appear green. There is a dotted green box around points 2 and 3 labelled "score".
Figure 2: A density plot graphing density of GradesUndergrad values for intersectional classes. The plot shows that white female students are most likely to have a GradesUndergrad value of 1, followed by white male students, Black female students, and Black male students. All students are roughly equally likely to have a GradesUndergrad value of 0 although white male students are most likely to have this value.
Figure 3: A density plot graphing density of classifier scores for intersectional classes for the baseline feature set. The plot shows that white female students are most likely to have a score of 1, followed by white male students, then Black female students, then Black male students. White male students are most likely to have a score of 0, followed closely by Black male students, followed closely by Black female students, and then white female students.
Figure 4: A density plot graphing density of classifier scores for intersectional classes for the targeted feature set. The plot shows that white female students are most likely to have a score of 1, followed by white male students, then Black female students, then Black male students. White male students are most likely to have a score of 0, followed closely by Black male students, Black female students, and white female students.
Figure 5: A density plot graphing density of stability scores for intersectional classes for the targeted feature set. The plot shows that white female students are most likely to have a stability score of 1, followed by white male students, then Black female students, then Black male students. There are additional bumps in the graph showing stability scores around 0.5 and 0.8 for Black male students and around 0.6 for Black female students.
Figure 6: A density plot graphing density of classifier scores for intersectional classes for the holistic feature set. The plot shows that white female students are most likely to have a score of 1, followed by white male students, then Black female students, then Black male students. Black male students are most likely to have a score of 0, followed closely by white male students, then Black female students followed closely by white female students.
Figure 7: A density plot graphing density of stability scores for intersectional classes for the holistic feature set. There is no line for Black male students, Black female students, or white male students, which means there is no deviation in stability for those groups. Upon inspection all of these students had stability score 1. The graph shows white female students are next most likely to have a stability score of 1.
Figure 8: A correlation plot across many varied fairness metrics and stability. The plot shows no strong correlation between stability and any existing metrics
Figure 9: Two separate density plots graphing density of GradesUndergrad values for the dataset. One plot is for male and female students and shows that female students are more likely than male students to have a GradesUndergrad value of 1. Male students are slightly more likely to have a GradesUndergrad value of 0 than female students. The second plot is for Black and white students and shows that white students are more likely than Black students to have a GradesUndergrad value of 1. Both Black and white students are roughly equally likely to have a GradesUndergrad value of 0.
Figure 10: Two separate density plots graphing density of classifier scores for the baseline feature set. One plot is for male and female students and shows female students are more likely than male students to have a score of 1 whereas male students are slightly more likely to have a score of 0. The second plot is for Black and white students and shows that white students are more likely than Black students to have a score of 1. Both white and Black students are roughly equally likely to have a score of 0.
Figure 11: Two separate density plots graphing density of classifier scores for the targeted feature set. One plot is for male and female students and shows female students are more likely than male students to have a score of 1 whereas male students are slightly more likely to have a score of 0. The second plot is for Black and white students and shows that white students are more likely than Black students to have a score of 1. Both white and Black students are roughly equally likely to have a score of 0.
Figure 12: Two separate density plots graphing density of stability scores for the targeted feature set. One plot is for male and female students and shows female students are more likely than male students to have a stability score closer to 1. The second plot is for Black and white students and shows that white students are more likely than Black students to have a stability score of 1.
Figure 13: Two separate density plots graphing density of classifier scores for the holistic feature set. One plot is for male and female students and shows female students are more likely than male students to have a score of 1 whereas male students are slightly more likely to have a score of 0. The second plot is for Black and white students and shows that white students are more likely than Black students to have a score of 1, and both white and Black students are roughly equally likely to have a score of 0.
Figure 14: Two separate density plots graphing density of stability scores for the holistic feature set. There is no plot for male students or Black students, which means there is no deviation in stability for those groups. Upon inspection all of these students had stability score 1. The first graph shows female students to have stability scores close to 1, and the second shows white students to have stability scores close to 1.
Figure 15: Snippet of the Aequitas report showing the bias metrics values. For Positive Rate Disparity male students have 0.71X Disparity, and white students have 10.47X Disparity (this is shown under Predicted Positive Rate Disparity in the report). For False Negative Rate Disparity, male students have 2.08X Disparity and white students have 0.26X Disparity. Other metrics and groups show undefined values or values within the threshold, which leads to those metrics passing.
